So we want to use our own Eichen and splash screen and for that we go to the resources folder.
This is where we can store our own files.
And I wanted to give you some default files which are not the files we're seeing on the device right
now.
Why.
Well when you install it when you create a project you can have a look at them by simply opening them.
That would be the icon.
And as you can see it has these dimensions and any icon Ukridge should have these dimensions to 1024
times 1024 pixels.
And it also gives you a default splash screen dish.
This flashgun which is really huge and which is sayst like this way of 2208 times 2002 it had an 8 pixels.
So make sure to keep those dimensions for your own assets.
Now we can use DSL it's ironic to give us your or we can provide our own assets.
You can also set up specific assets for Android and iOS by going into these specific folders and then
putting your own icons in there.
And as you can see you can then even be as specific as providing different splash screens for different
device resolutions by using this naming convention drawable.
And then here are UCD dimensions this part before the screen and the same forward.
And so you can keep Diski my own two gifts you can by default to replace those image this year with
your own image.
Also note that the naming has for for iOS and Android but you can also replace those files on the root
level here and then run a specific seal I command to let I yawning automatically create all those RiseUp
files here for you of course then you will have to use one I can for all screen sizes and so on.
So if you want to really differentiate that you will have to replace them on a per.
I can base this year I'm going to use the approach where they provide a single I can split and splash
screen for both devices for both platforms I should say and which I then automatically turn into multiple
icons and splash screens with the ionic Seelye.
Now we could simply use the default provided by onic here but I'm going to replace them with my own
Aikins splash screen and you can find those esus attached to this lecture.
So I copied in my own splash screen and I can here and important you can use Bianchi's SD or ISO Adobe
Illustrator files for this.
Again make sure to match those dimensions you see here on the right.
So with that entered here we can now run a specific command to automatically create all those icons
for us ionic resources and this will simply take Dyken and splash here and generate all the files we
need 40 different platforms to have nice looking as it's there.
It will only do this for the platforms we add the tear.
I removed Android so it won't replace the files here in the end folder as you can see but it did do
it for us since I have this added as a platform.
And as you can see now it automatically gave me those files.
And if you add a new platform just run this command again to also create the icons and splash screens
for the platform.
With this added and this command run now we can try pushing this app to our device again by executing
ionic run iOS device.
Or of course also for Android.
And this should now built the.
And since we ran the command all also take our own icons into account now.
And when it pushes the up to our DeWyze we should find that it has this new icon and splash screen.
Let's have a look.
Well this looks much better this is now our own icon and if we tap on it we've seen we now have also
our own splash screen.
This is important preparation because you probably want to have your own styles there and not use de-clawed
of the basics.
So this is how you can add your own icon and splash screen super simple last saw.
Let's next have a look at how we may configure our app for example how we can change the name we see
here to have a better name.